Fix QR factorization assertions (#905)
precice/precice: docs/changelog/905.md

> Fixed the assertion in QR factorization which does not allow empty partitions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed two wrong assertions in QR factorization, which did not allow meshes with only a single partition. 
```
